# CGPRAC2

The first shader I tried to do for this is using Bump Mapping and tiling along with a PBR/metallic effect for the stone texture. The bump mapping itself and how it works is that it uses the base texture and a bump mao texture. The bump map has the normals unpacked so that it can be used for lighting calculations to create depth in the texture without modifying the mesh itself, and 

The metallic effect was done by using the same base map texture, sampling it again, and multiplying it with the specular effect. The specular was calculated by adding up the view direction and main light directions normalized, and then including it with the dot product of the object normals in world space. From there it was hooked up to the power function with a property to control how much of the specular effect is there, and multiplying that result with the base color and another property that is supposed to control the brightness. Unfortuantly when applying this over the bump mapping, it appears that the bump mapping does not appear.

I used these effects for the stone textures because I wanted to try and replicate the stone textures in Contra, but also add some realism into the scene to enhance it. The bump mapping was meant to add more depth to the stone to make it appear more 3D and rougher like stone in real life than it actually is, and the lighting and shading was supposed to convey that sense of depth. The metallic effect was also going to further emphasize realism by trying to add a bit of highlights to the stone to give it some reflectively like stone in real life also. 

The next shader I made was a water shader, and it was done by sampling two 2D textures (the base water texture and a water foam texture), along with sampling a cube map skybox to reflect the sky itself. The water mainly was done by taking those 2D textures, and using a Tiling and Offset node to modify the tiling with a couple properties for tiling on the x and y axises to control how much of the textures repeat itself so it does not look stretched. For the offset, it was hooked up by the product of the time node and the property that controls the speed of the scrolling, and with a couple more properties that control the scrolling on said two axises, that is how the water is able to move. 
